Why should I get a concealed weapons permit?
Unfortunately, you do not get to choose the time you or a loved one will become a victim. You need to prepare yourself today to remain safe tomorrow.

How long is the course?
It is a SLED approved course. The course is designed to be completed in one day or two evenings.

What is involved in getting a SC CWP permit?
There is a SLED approved course that covers gun safety and handling and concealed carry laws. There is a 50 question written test. You must score a minimum of
70%. You will shoot 50 rounds, 35 of which must be in the black of the silhouette target from 3 to 15 yards.

I haven’t been a student in years and am concerned about taking the written test.
You will be more than prepared to take the test by the end of the course.  Remember, if I could teach you to fly an airplane, I can teach you the necessary course material to successfully pass the written test. I have over 46 years of teaching experience. All of our students have been successful in the past (even an 86 year old grandmother).

Is there some study material I can review ahead of time?
The SLED website contains SC CWP law which you can review prior to the class.  www.SLED.SC.GOV 

I have never shot a gun before, can I take the class?
Absolutely. It is sometimes easier with the training since you have not had an opportunity to learn bad habits.

Do I have to own a gun?
No.  A gun and ammo is provided for your use during training.

Should I buy a gun before taking the class?
I do not recommend it. Most people have stated, that they learned so much about the pros and cons of different guns they wish they had waited to purchase their gun until after taking the course.

What do I need to bring to class?
Your driver’s license and, if a non-resident, a SC property tax bill.


Can I get additional training?
I offer personal training at $35 an hour. Additionally, once you have completed my course, you are always welcome to come back and sit through a free refresher during any scheduled class.

hen we shoot, is there a firing line of multiple people shooting at once?
Absolutely not! We shoot one-on-one, always putting safety first. This is personalized instruction, eliminating any fear or intimidation of having a person firing next to you that may have had little or no formal gun safety training before.

How do I sign up for a class?
Check the class schedule on page 4 and contact us on page 5 stating the date you would like to attend.  If you have a group of 5 or more, perhaps we can set a class special for your group.